Free orphaned proxy port on stop and rm (#5394)
stacklok/toolhive: docs/arch/08-workloads-lifecycle.md

**Implementation**: `pkg/workloads/manager.go`

### Proxy termination

> Stop and delete terminate the proxy using its recorded PID. When that PID is unavailable (for example, the status file is missing or records no PID), they fall back to port-based cleanup: the process holding the proxy port is terminated only after it is confirmed to be this workload's proxy. This prevents an orphaned proxy from continuing to hold the port after the container has been stopped or removed.

Reviewer: The fallback also fires when PID-based termination *fails* (e.g. `KillProcess` returns an error for a stale PID whose process is already gone), not only when the PID is unavailable. The current wording implies the fallback is only for the no-PID case.

```suggestion
Stop and delete terminate the proxy using its recorded PID. When PID-based termination is unavailable or fails (for example, the status file is missing, records no PID, or the process is already gone), they fall back to port-based cleanup: the process holding the proxy port is terminated only after it is confirmed to be this workload's proxy. This prevents an orphaned proxy from continuing to hold the port after the container has been stopped or removed.
```
